update docs (#3890)
status-im/nim-beacon-chain: docs/the_nimbus_book/src/troubleshooting.md

# Troubleshooting

```admonish note
The commands on this page refer to mainnet. If you're running on `prater` or another testnet, replace `mainnet` accordingly
```

We are continuously making improvements to both stability and resource usage. If you run into any problem with Nimbus and are not running the latest version, chances are they have already been fixed - see the [update guide](./keep-updated.md) for instructions of how to upgrade.

If you can't find a solution to your problem here, get in touch with us on our [discord](https://discord.com/invite/XRxWahP)!

```admonish note
When installing Nimbus, you will typically be using the latest `stable` release.

However, the latest changes happen in the `unstable` branch - if you're looking to test the chaings coming to the _next_ Nimbus release, consider building Nimbus from [source](./keep-updated.md#build-from-source) using the `unstable` branch.
```

## Networking

> A corretly configured network is key to getting good performance - the [networking guide](./networking.md) details everything you need to know!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A correctly configured network is key to getting good performance - the [networking guide](./networking.md) details everything you need to know!
```

>**Note:** rest assured that when you restart the beacon node, the software will resume from where it left off, using the validator keys you have already imported.

### Starting over after importing wrong keys

Your keys and secrets are stored in the [data directory](./data-dir.md) (usually `build/data/shared_mainnet_0`). If you imported the wrong keys, simply remove them from `validators` and `secrets` found in the data directory.

### Sync problems

If you’re experiencing sync problems, make sure that your network is healthy and that you have a recent version installed.

In rare cases, such as after an unclean shutdown, it may happen that the database has been corrupted and you need to restart the sync - to do so, remove the `db` folder from the [data directory](./data-dir.md) and restart the node. You can get re-synced faster using [trusted node sync](./trusted-node-sync.md).

### noCommand does not accept arguments

If, on start,  you see `The command 'noCommand' does not accept arguments`

Double check to see if your command line flags are in the correct format, i.e. `--foo=bar`, `--baz`, or `--foo-bar=qux`.

```admonish tip

> Ever option that takes a value needs a `=` between the option name and the value!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All options accepting values need a `=` between the option name and the value!
```

See our page on [monitoring the health of your node](./health.md) for more.

## Raspberry Pi

### Trouble transferring data to/from USB3.0 SSDs

> We have seen reports of degraded performance when using several types of USB3.0 to SSD adapter or when using native USB3.0 disk drives. [This post](https://www.raspberrypi.org/forums/viewtopic.php?t=245931#p1501426) details why there is a difference in behaviour from models prior to Pi 4 and the recommended workaround.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We have seen reports of degraded performance when using several types of USB3.0 to SSD adapters or when using native USB3.0 disk drives. [This post](https://www.raspberrypi.org/forums/viewtopic.php?t=245931#p1501426) details why there is a difference in behaviour from models prior to Pi 4 and the recommended workaround.
```

Reviewer: Is the singular or the plural form more appropriate here, @tersec?

Reviewer 2: Both are defensible, but `adapters` reads better. `adapter` would be treating it as kind of an undifferentiated mass noun, but the whole point here is distinguishing between specific, individual adapters.
